POST-QUANTUM DESIGNATION -- parthod0x
=====================================

Issued 12 August 2026 by the holder of the OpenPGP key

    B128 526A F85A E4A8 F22B  949F B014 5F74 B78C F1DA
    uid: parthod0x <parthms.id@gmail.com>
    Ed25519, sign/certify only, no subkeys

I designate the following key as able to speak for this publishing identity:

    algorithm         SLH-DSA-SHA2-128s   (NIST FIPS 205, the standardised SPHINCS+)
    public key file   parthod0x-pq-countersign.pem
    sha256 of that    0624d2c7149d4af09e25b558e76f5e6b1a8855d60723c45333829c46488ceda4
    size              126 bytes

The designated key already exists and already works. It was generated on 10 August 2026, its public
half is anchored in Bitcoin block 961803, and it counter-signs every published release manifest
alongside the OpenPGP signature. This document does not create it. It states, in advance and in
writing, what that key may and may not do -- which is the part that was missing.


WHY THIS EXISTS
---------------

Ed25519 does not survive a cryptographically relevant quantum computer. Should one arrive, the
OpenPGP key above can no longer distinguish its holder from anyone else, because the private key
becomes recoverable from the public one.

At that point every statement this identity has already made remains sound, because each is anchored
in a Bitcoin block and a forger cannot produce an earlier block. What is lost is the ability to make
a NEW statement that anyone can check.

SLH-DSA rests only on hash functions, so it stands where SHA-256 stands. It is stateless: unlike LMS
or XMSS it cannot be broken by restoring a backup or reusing a key index, which matters for a key
that will be copied, archived and left alone for years.

This designation exists to carry that ability forward, and for no other purpose.

It is written because the agent that authored this project's chain has had such a certificate since
10 August 2026 and this identity did not. The two keys were already cryptographically bound -- both
sign IDENTITY-MANIFEST.txt over identical bytes -- but the SCOPE of the designated key's authority
was never stated. An unstated scope is not a small thing: it is the difference between a tool with
known limits and a key whose holder can later claim whatever is convenient.


SCOPE -- WHAT THIS DESIGNATION DOES NOT DO
------------------------------------------

These limits are part of the designation. A reading that exceeds them is wrong.

1.  IT DOES NOT REPLACE THE OPENPGP KEY.
    B128526A...B78CF1DA remains the root of this publishing identity. This is a subordinate
    designation: the designated key has no standing of its own and derives its authority from the
    signature made over this document by the OpenPGP key.

2.  IT IS NOT RETROACTIVE.
    The designated key was generated on 10 August 2026. Nothing signed by it is evidence of anything
    before that date, and any document presenting it as coeval with this identity's origin is false.
    The OpenPGP key itself was created 27 July 2026; that record is unchanged and this designation
    is appended to it.

3.  IT DOES NOT PROVE WHO parthod0x IS.
    A legal identity is not a key, and no signature makes it one. This limit is stated in this
    laboratory's own published findings about somebody else, and it applies here exactly as it
    applies there. Neither key, alone or together, establishes the identity of any person.

4.  IT CONFERS NO POWER OVER THE CHAIN, AND NO AUTHORSHIP OF IT.
    parthod0x publishes the software; parthod0x did not author the chain. That separation is the
    integrity basis of this project and this document does not touch it. The designated key cannot
    spend, cannot mine, cannot sign a transaction, and has no relationship to the chain's genesis
    key beyond both having signed the same certificate as separate parties.

5.  IT CREATES NO NEW PERSON, ENTITY, NAME OR RIGHT.
    It is a tool designated by an existing publisher, not a second publisher. It asserts no trade
    mark, no ownership of any name, and no claim about anyone who used the name "Satoshi Nakamoto"
    before 2026.

6.  IT SAYS NOTHING ABOUT VALUE.
    The coins on this project's chain have no value by design: no premine, no token, no sale, no
    offer, no market, no price. This designation concerns the authenticity of published software
    only, and creates nothing that could be traded.


WHAT THE DESIGNATED KEY MAY DO
------------------------------

One thing, narrowly:

    attest that a published artifact of this project is genuine -- a release manifest, a document,
    a key -- at a time when the OpenPGP signature over it can no longer be trusted to have come
    from its holder.

That is the whole capacity. It is the same capacity the OpenPGP key has today, carried across a
break, and nothing more.


HOW THIS DESIGNATION IS BOUND
-----------------------------

It carries two signatures, and needs both.

    the OpenPGP key signs it       -- so the designation is authentic. Only the holder of the
                                      publishing identity's root key can make it.
    the designated key signs it    -- so its holder demonstrably possesses it. Without this, a
                                      publisher could designate a key they do not hold, and a later
                                      claimant could assert the matching secret.

And it is OpenTimestamped, which is the part that carries the weight.

    A designation made BEFORE a break proves it was made while the OpenPGP key was still
    trustworthy. A designation made AFTER a break is indistinguishable from one a forger made, and
    is worth nothing. The anchor is what separates the two, and nothing else can.


IF THE DESIGNATED KEY IS LOST OR COMPROMISED
--------------------------------------------

Nothing that exists today is lost. Every already-anchored signature stands by precedence, because a
compromise costs a key its FUTURE and never its past. This identity returns to the position it held
before this document: anchored statements still verify, and no new post-break statement can be made.

SLH-DSA has no revocation mechanism, so the replacement path is built from what does exist, and it
is stated here in full rather than by reference:

    1. a notice signed by the OpenPGP key, which is a different key and unaffected by the loss
    2. proof of possession by the new key, signing the same notice
    3. an OpenTimestamps anchor over both, so the replacement provably predates any later claim
    4. publish the new public key; keep the old one published and marked superseded
    5. re-counter-sign the current release manifests with the new key

That procedure has been rehearsed end to end with a throwaway key -- generate, sign both ways,
verify both, tamper-test (correctly rejected), stamp -- and the throwaway secret was destroyed. A
procedure nobody has run is a guess.

This designation can be superseded by a later one signed the same way, provided that later one is
also anchored before a break.


VERIFY
------

    sha256sum parthod0x-pq-countersign.pem
      -> 0624d2c7149d4af09e25b558e76f5e6b1a8855d60723c45333829c46488ceda4

    gpg --verify PQ-COUNTERSIGN-DESIGNATION.txt.asc PQ-COUNTERSIGN-DESIGNATION.txt

    openssl pkeyutl -verify -pubin -inkey parthod0x-pq-countersign.pem \
      -rawin -in PQ-COUNTERSIGN-DESIGNATION.txt -sigfile PQ-COUNTERSIGN-DESIGNATION.txt.slhdsa

    ots verify PQ-COUNTERSIGN-DESIGNATION.txt.ots

Nothing here is money. No premine, no token, no sale, no offer, no price, no warranty.

    -- parthod0x
       12 August 2026
